Updated documentation and example data for 2.0 (#638)
griffithlab/pVACtools: docs/pvacseq/errors.rst

**The TSV file is empty. Please check that the input VCF contains missense, inframe indel, or frameshift mutations.**

None of the variants in the VCF file are supported by pVACseq. This could be

> either because none of the variants have the mentioned type of consequence or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
either because none of the variants have a protein-altering consequence or
```
